Deploy Pkgdown Documentation to Separate Repository (#3482)
PecanProject/pecan: CHANGELOG.md

- Add make option to document a single package with `make documentation pathto/package`
- `settings$host$qsub` and `settings$host$modellauncher$qsub.extra` will now expand `@NJOBS@` to the number of models in the run, allowing e.g. `--array=1-@NJOBS@`. Note that qsub still by default submits every model as a separate job, so for now this is mostly useful for custom modellauncher scripts

> - Automated pkgdown Documentation for All PEcAn Packages: 
>   - Added a new build script to generate `pkgdown` sites for all PEcAn packages and copy them to the `package_documentation` directory.
>   - Dockerized the documentation build system.
>   - Integrated a GitHub Actions workflow to deploy documentation to the `package-documentation` repository.
>   - Added a "Function Documentation for PEcAn Packages" link to the web interface for easy access.

Reviewer: In this file it's good to go beyond just listing changes to emphasize how to use the new features... and to give yourself the well-deserved credit! 
```suggestion
- Added automated pkgdown documentation for all PEcAn packages (@divine7022, #3482): 
  - Compiled pages are live at https://pecanproject.github.io/package-documentation and inside Docker at `pecan.localhost/pkgdocs/`, and these are automatically updated each time a PR to the source packages is merged.
  - You can compile all pkgdown pages locally at any time with `make pkgdocs`.
```
